# Expand
1. Why JavaScript might have pain points
   1. In my opinnion, the asynchronous nature of JavaScript might be a pain point because it can be difficult for someone to keep track of everything going on at once. One part of the program might be running while another part is not. There are multiple programs running at once.
   2. Javascript loose typing might be a pain sometimes because variable types do not need to be declared in advance. Therefore, it might be easy to accidentally declare a variable multiple times by accident and you will not notice it quickly since there are no error messages that pop up. 
   3. There are many Web platforms that Javascript can run on which is why it might be a pain taking into consideration the specific needs of each web platform.
2. I believe the developers who created JavaScript made it loosely typed because since Javascript is used on webpages, if there were type errors, many websites would be down. It does not require the developer to correctly guess what the type would be
3. Between a compiled and interpreted language, an interpreted language is read one statement at a time while and compiled one scans the entire program and translates it into machine code. In interpreted, each line of code is executed immediately while compiled programs are raun at the end. JavaScript is an interpreted language. A benefit is that Javascript is more flexible and can run on many platforms. A drawback is that it is less efficient and slower since each line of code must be translated.
4. I believe the professor is focusing on more vanilla JavaScript for this course in order to help learn the basics and start with something simple. I think using a framework right now would be helpful and powerful. However, it can lead to more complications and complexity. We might try to go for something too big at once if given frameworks. I think masterinng vanilla JS allows me to understand Javascript and if I were to use a frameowrk after, I would have a better understanding of it. The drawkbacks of not learning a framework is to see how I can use tools to solve more problems.
5. I think this lab relates to my project because it shows me how to debug JavaScript and how it can relate to HTML/CSS all at once. If my team plans to create a Web-based project, I could use my understanding to help create our team project.
